I was shown the mark of the beast.
I was shown what it is, and I'm not saying it's Neuralink, but I'm saying it is a type of Neuralink, what Elon Musk is working on.
I'm not saying it is that, but it's that kind of technology.
It's very small, but what happens is they inject it in your hand or they inject it in your forehead.
Because 5G towers are not everywhere, the Antichrist, when he rules and reigns over the earth, will rule over everything.
So the satellites—Starlink—there are literally, I believe, hundreds of them in the sky now, but there will be a lot more when this takes place.
It provides an internet signal throughout the whole world, and it's controlled by computers.
When Starlink is fully active, it will be able to communicate with the chips from Neuralink.
Neuralink and Starlink will be like buddies.
When they inject that chip inside of your hand or your forehead, it will communicate with the internet up above the earth's atmosphere with Starlink.
I saw governments from all over the world start to use drones everywhere to look out for anybody that did not have the mark of the beast.
The chip in your forehead or your hand communicated to the drones.
There were drones—you could hear them—literally like swarms of bees.
It even talks about it in the Bible, that it looked like locusts coming up out of a pit; I believe it was probably these drones, just my opinion.
The sky was literally buzzing all over the place with thousands of drones.
This is interesting: they could sense fire.
If the Christians had a big fire while hiding in the hills, those hills were being patrolled.
But the Christians were smart and could get down into those holes and keep their heat hidden.
Infrared was not able to see them, and they couldn't see the smoke if they had small fires.
But if they heard a gunshot or anything to kill wildlife, those drones could hear it from forever away and would come to where that noise was.
You could not shoot loud firearms to drop game, like deer, elk, or cattle, so people were starving.
They would try to get fish or whatever they could find, but then they would have to create a very small fire to be able to cook that food.
You run out of supplies.
Try seven years—this isn't just a couple of weeks living off the grid; this is years and years of hell.
I saw a woman and her two children, born during the tribulation, and her husband all standing there.
They told the mother, 'If you don't take the mark and the children don't take the mark, we're going to cut those children's heads off.
' As any good mother would, she was freaking out, saying, 'Don't cut my babies' heads off!
I'll take the mark.
' I saw her, right before my face, take the mark of the beast, and the children took the mark of the beast.
The father said, 'No, I'll never take the mark of the beast.
' I saw those men pull his head out, and they had a massive sword and chopped his head off right before me.
I saw his head roll right to my feet.
I could smell the blood from the man who got his head cut off.
The kids and the mother had no expression.
The chip makes you motionless, with no emotions at all.
You become like a zombie.
It makes your mind instantaneous, like a zombie.
There's nothing there.
The children did not cry or wail or act upset because their father just got his head cut off.
The wife didn't even act like she cared either; it was like she was not there.
I saw a man mowing his grass with no expression on his face.
He was in his grass, but he was gone.
It was the weirdest thing seeing these people who took the mark of the beast; they were just wiped out.
He was mowing but had no expression.
Then I saw a man trying to commit suicide by jumping off a bridge, but whenever he did, the chip created peace in his mind.
It sent a signal to his mind because it knew that hormone or thought pattern that your body creates when you're about to do something like that.
It knew by your heart rate to calm you down.
He was standing there, ready to jump off this major bridge to end his life, and all of a sudden, that chip caused him to calm down, and he just stepped down and walked out of there.
There was no way to even do anything physically to yourself; it would not allow you to.
You didn't have free will anymore.
If you were trying to do anything like rioting or stealing, your mind would not do that.
A lot of people want to know about the mark of the beast.
I'll tell you: it's a sore, a massive boil.
Whenever it reacts to the skin, it looks like a burn mark.
It popped up like a boil on whoever's hand got it, and there's a black circle around that sore.
It looks oozy, even the one on the forehead.
Like I said, it doesn't happen to everybody who got the mark, only to certain people.
It's like it had a reaction with somebody's chemistry.
It's very small, a little square.
It's not a grain of rice; it's a little square chip.
Whenever it's injected into your body, it messes with your mind.
It creates a signal to calm you down and alters your personality.
I do not know how it does this, but it sends waves to your brain and causes you to be in a calm or zombie-like state.
It's very weird.
I saw that every single town had barricades like checkpoints on the major highways or the roads coming into town.
Everybody had to go through them to come in or out.
The only way you were allowed in those major cities or towns was by the mark of the beast.
They scanned your hand or your forehead to get inside to get supplies like groceries, medical care, or to go to the doctor.
You had to go through those major checkpoints with army men in black outfits scanning you.
I saw people on foot trying to go in there.
I saw a woman standing in line who had put makeup on her hand, trying to imitate the mark of the beast sore.
She was that desperate to get into town for food or medical supplies.
When they saw that she was faking it and they got up to scan her hand, there was no mercy.
They cut her head off right there.
They killed her right there, and it just rolled down onto the street.
Nobody cared.
All the other people in line are zombies.
They were all standing in line.
They would go through there into these checkpoints to get groceries.
I saw public squares with massive movie screens as big as a building.
By law, on Fridays, everybody dresses in white robes.
You go there on Fridays, and people are in lines worshiping him on the screen.
Some of it is live and some is pre-recorded because it's not daytime everywhere around the world.
At the Freemasons' Temple, they worship there.
I saw them worshiping in Rome, at the Vatican, and all that.
They have major screens there, in Europe, in Paris—it's everywhere.
Buckingham Palace had them there.
I'm telling you, they're everywhere.
The people are required to worship on Fridays.
He creates a flag whenever he is ruling as the Antichrist over the world.
He pulls down everyone else's flags, and there's only one flag for the whole world—his flag.
This is what the flag looks like; I had my son create it from what I saw in my spirit.
These stars represent the five pillars of Islam: faith, prayer, fasting, almsgiving, and pilgrimage.
That's what those stars represent.
These were like palm leaves, which represented prosperity.
The swords represented something about sternness and ruling in the Islamic faith.
Then this was over a globe, because the whole world was going to be controlled by the Antichrist.
It was a global system.
He was honoring Hamas, Al-Qaeda, and ISIS because they brought him forth; they call him the Mahdi.
That's what everybody calls him.
All these fields will be packed full of people on Fridays, all lined up worshiping the Antichrist.
I believe with all my heart you have time to repent and ask Jesus to be your Lord and Savior.
You woke up today; what are you going to do with today?
I was talking to my son and said, 'There's still time for people to give their heart to Jesus.
' But I'm telling you, time is running out.
We're running out of the sands of time because Jesus Christ is about to come back and get His church, and at that time, it's over.
But today is your day of salvation.
Today is your day of repentance.
You can turn from your wicked ways and make Jesus your Lord and Savior.
Don't be one of the people in this field worshiping the Antichrist.
I stood with Jesus and watched the people on these massive screens on the sides of buildings.
You will be made to worship him here at this place.
I'm just being real.
People come from all around these towns in a single-file line with white outfits.
This temple is hundreds of years old, but this is where they will have massive screens so that you can worship the Antichrist on Friday.
If you don't believe in the Rapture and want to get left here, you can come here and worship the Antichrist or get your head cut off.
There was a massive screen right there, pointing this way.
On the brown building right here, you will see a massive screen one day, and the people will worship that way.
This building we're approaching is where you are mandated to bring your Bible.
I saw them lining up bringing the Bibles to the courthouse.
They take the flag down and put the Antichrist flag up.
A hundred yards away is where they will burn the Bibles.
In this field right here, they're going to burn the Bibles in a humongous pile.
This football stadium is like a bowl, and the stack of Bibles is huge.
It's similar to when Hitler burned all the books, like you saw in Indiana Jones.
That's what I saw when I was standing with Jesus.
The smoke goes up for miles from burning all the Bibles.
I saw massive army tank-like cars with men in solid black outfits and black shields over their faces.
They would drive up in these Hummer-looking cars with blue lights in them—almost like black lights.
Christians were running as fast as they could to try to get away, and the men jumped out with guns I've never seen before.
People have told me they actually exist as prototypes.
They pulled the trigger, and it was like a pulse—some kind of riot control that knocked you unconscious for a couple of minutes.
They just pointed it in a direction, and as soon as that beam hit an individual, it knocked them unconscious.
There was no running away.
It didn't kill them; it just made them pass out.
This Starbucks was not here; there was a barbecue house and a Taco Bueno, but they bulldozed it.
When I was with Jesus, we were standing over there by that Braum's—show them that there's a Braum's over there—an ice cream store, and all this rioting and tribulation was happening.
There was lightning in the sky.
I told you all there was lightning after the Rapture of the church.
It was nighttime, just like it's lit up right here, but with lightning in the sky.
Sometimes what you see in the spirit realm doesn't exist yet, but it's going to manifest.
We're seeing it: alien visitations, the things in Miami, or unidentified objects over New York.
Jesus warned this would be one of the signs of His return.
This lady runs up to me and says, 'Don't you know?
All the Christians are gone!
' She said the aliens came and took them.
Above me, lightning strikes were going all over the sky like an electric storm.
I saw fires burning in a lot of buildings.
People were looting and acting Godless.
I want to interject something: every person wakes up with a sense of peace they don't realize they have.
I call this the prayer covering of the church.
When the Rapture takes place, that covering is removed, and there is total anarchy because people feel that void of peace.
There's no such thing as aliens; they are demonic spirits.
This is just the beginning.
I really believe there is actually going to be demonic alien stuff on TV, and they're actually going to interview them.
It's going to be a big deal.
You're going to see a great deception.
Jesus told me in 2014 they're going to talk about aliens a lot, and he told me to watch for the great deception.
I saw thousands of Christians who were left here because they lived a compromising lifestyle.
They had an appearance of godliness, but their hearts were far from the Lord.
There were pastors who preached a watered-down grace message who were left here as punishment for preaching a lukewarm gospel.
People were mad and were after those preachers, saying, 'You lied to us!
' I saw one lady I knew very well from a church where I worked as a janitor; she looked up at the heavens and flipped the Lord off.
Today is your day of salvation.
Don't wait for tomorrow.
Eternity is forever.
You can either be in hell or with Jesus.
Hell was made for Satan, not for you.
Accept Jesus as your Lord and Savior.
Say this simple prayer: 'Jesus, I'm a sinner.
I ask you to come into my heart.
I believe you are the Son of God.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I've messed up, but you are faithful to forgive me.
I accept you as my Lord and Savior.
' That's it.
Get in a Bible-believing church and get your lamp full of oil.
If you got saved today, let us know in the comments.
Subscribe to the channel; it helps get the gospel spread through the algorithm.
Father, I thank you for everyone here today.
Jesus paid the price for us to walk in victory.
Amen.
Have a wonderful day.
Bye-bye.